♪Crinkling your eyes, you smile sweetly.♪
♪The way you run to me is lovely.♪
♪Your mouth corners are upturned.
Your smile is remarkable.♪
♪How come you happen to see me embarrassed?♪
♪Summer isn't more romantic
than the moment I met you.♪
♪Have I shown you romance or warmth?♪
♪My love for you stands the test of time.♪
♪I believe in eternity because of you.♪
♪I would risk my life to protect you,
my source of courage.♪
♪You give me a sense of security
by being at my side.♪
♪I love everything you have given me.♪
♪Together, we make a sweet love story.♪
=The Love Equations=
(Previously on Episode 9)
Zhou Xiao.
What are you two doing?
You care much about Zhao Fanzhou.
What about Cai Yasi?
Zhou Xiao.
I like you.
(Episode 10: The Psychology of Love)
(100 Psychological Effects You Must Know
When In A Relationship)
Calling Card Effect.
Mere Exposure Effect.
Salt Effect.
Dark Effect.
Two Factor Theory of Emotion.
Catfish Effect.
Exposure Effect.
Halo Effect.
What are you up to?
Zhao Fanzhou.
Nothing.
I am arranging the books.
Let me help you.
I am not asking you for a favor.
Obviously, it is our common work.
(Halo Effect)
(Subjective impression created
when people generalize in their cognition.)
Have you finished reading
Life on Mars
written by Isaka Kotaro?
It is almost finished.
Don't return it after you finish reading it.
Please lend it to me.
I also want to read it.
OK.
Detective novels
have been growing on me recently.
Could you recommend some to me?
You are also interested in detective novels?
Great!
I will make a reading list for you later.
OK.
The book Life on Mars
doesn't sound like a detective novel.
How do you like
this book?
This book
is quite interesting.
It tells about...
Oh no.
Can't be spoiler.
See for yourself.
(Halo Effect)
I am sure you haven't had breakfast.
Drink some coffee.
I don't drink coffee.
Don't refuse me, please.
I want to show my kindness to you.
I said I don't drink coffee.
I said
it is only my kindly feeling to you.
Could you please
show me some respect?
Thank you!
Was I cool?
Are you
infatuated with me completely?
Please look at yourself in the mirror.
But my mirror tells me every day
I am the most handsome athlete
in this world.
OK. Let's get started today.
Today let's learn the core values.
Don't you think
I am very manly?
That is to say, I am very charming.
though
I may
look frivolous.
From time to time,
a look of ridicule,
indifference
or carelessness may flit across my eyes.
If you want to sit beside me,
you must be quiet.
Zhu Lu.
I,
I want to tell you something.
If you want to say it,
feel free to say it out to me.
We can handle such a thing by ourselves.
But...
Let's talk as we walk.
OK.
Just say it.
Can I...
can I ask you out for a meal?
Sorry, I don't have time for that.
Well,
can you be my girlfriend?
No, I can't.
Wait.
Zhu Lu.
I have been watching you for long.
I watched your performance
at the school anniversary.
You, you were so pretty!
I took lots of photos, too.
I
printed the most beautiful one on my pillow.
Really. I beg you.
I beg you to say yes.
If you don't stop, I'll call the guard.
You need not over-react.
You are not beautiful in an unmatched manner.
But...
What do you want to do?
But I really like you very much.
I really...
I will post your photos
onto the forum.
Are you a pervert?
If you ignore me,
I will post your photos online
for everyone to see
how their goddess...
You are a psychopath!
... gets stripped of her halo.
Let's go.
Stop!
You must compensate for my phone.
Come to see me in dorm 508.
You should say sorry at least.
If you don't step aside,
I will make you pay with one arm and one leg.
Will you try me?
Fine.
Don't explain. I won't listen.
I didn't do it on purpose.
But it's pregnant. Don't you know?
What do you want me to do?
Go look for it.
Zhao Fanzhou. Zhao Fanzhou.
Based on my observation,
it must be that
the other woman got pregnant
and forced her to leave her man.
Shall I go console her?
OK, go.
I don't have any tissue.
Can you lend me some?
Thank you!
Miss.
Are you all right?
Thank you!
Don't be too sad.
Since she got pregnant,
just let go of him.
You will find a better man.
How could this happen?
I am held accountable for its pregnancy.
I must assume the responsibility.
You assume the responsibility?
You are too kind.
Shouldn't I be?
Why should you be held responsible?
You didn't make her pregnant.
But I didn't keep an eye.
So I am held accountable.
Well, how could you stop that?
They just had a thing for each other.
You just fell in love with the wrong man.
You should have a new start.
What are you talking about?
I,
I overheard all just now standing there.
You said your boyfriend
made the other girl pregnant.
And you asked him to find her.
My cat is pregnant.
My boyfriend got it lost.
Aah?
It's true, Miss.
Believe me.
Our Detective Club
will definitely find your cat.
Thank you!
We have been looking for it for two days,
but it is still missing.
Actually, I know
there is little possibility
for us to find it.
You are wrong.
You don't know how good we are.
We surely can do it.
Right?
You'd better make clear of the case
before saying so.
Why aren't you helping me when I am in need?
Well,
the Calling Card Effect,
Mere Exposure Effect,
Salt Effect,
Dark Effect,
Suspension Bridge Effect,
Catfish Effect,
Exposure Effect,
Halo Effect.
According to Salt Effect,
what is needed is the best.
Fuel in snowy weather is way better
than an added grace in fair weather.
Make yourself needed the most by others.
We will find it.
Then I am leaving.
I will return the clothes to you
after washing them.
Thank you!
To be honest,
since I was a college student,
doing laundry has been giving me a headache.
I should thank you.
Don't mention it.
If he dares pester you again,
just tell me.
I will make him regret.
Thank you, anyway.
That's it?
Isn't there anything practical?
As a star of the generation,
shouldn't I be paid for offering help?
Forget it. I am kidding.
Hurry to go back.
I am off.
OK.
Bye bye!
Hello, ma'am.
You are back.
Star of the generation.
I will be practical.
I will treat you to a meal.
You are still here?
I am waiting for you to look for the cat.
You really want to look for the cat with me?
I thought just now you were just
being coordinating.
Shall we go?
Yes.
Let's go.
You, go check that area.
Kitty!
Meow!
How can it be in there?
Let's go to another place.
Kitty!
How is it? Did you find it?
No.
Then let's go check other places.
Be careful!
Kitty!
Meow!
No need.
Let's go check that area.
It is not here.
Let's go.
Kitty, where are you?
Wait a moment.
Could it be inside?
Let's go inside to find it out.
Wait up.
Well,
I think it is dark
and scary here.
How about this?
Let's come back tomorrow.
(Two Factor Theory of Emotion.)
We'd better go inside now.
Why?
Can't we come again tomorrow?
Because the eyes of the cat glow in the dark.
It is easier for us to find it.
Well,
can you go inside alone?
I will wait for you outside.
No, I can't.
Why?
Because
I am also scared.
I am the matter.
You are the consciousness.
Matter decides consciousness.
So you are not gonna hurt me.
I am the matter.
You are consciousness.
So you can never hurt me.
Matter decides consciousness.
I am the matter.
You are consciousness.
Help! I step on something.
Don't worry. It is just a plate.
Just a plate?
I am scared to death.
Wait up.
What is the matter?
Please let me hold your arm.
(Two Factor Theory of Emotion)
(When people cross a suspension bridge,
their hearts beat faster out of fear.)
(If they see someone of the opposite sex,
they'll mistake it as feelings for that person.)
Meow!
Kitty!
Meow! Meow!
Something is here!
It is the electric wire.
Hand.
Your hand.
Zhou Xiao.
Thank you!
Sorry.
Why need you say sorry?
I shouldn't have let you in.
It doesn't matter.
Now I am eager to eat
the cantaloupe-flavored ice cream
to dispel my fear.
With things going on like this,
we can never crack the missing cat case.
We should approach it from new perspectives.
I will follow your instructions.
Then let's think about it tonight.
We will meet in the Detective Club tomorrow
to share our ideas.
Let's try to crack this case sooner.
OK.
Eat it.
Why don't you eat it?
It is yummy.
Report!
The freshman Xie Yixing
of the Department of Physical Education
has been invited by Zhu Lu to have a meal.
End of report!
Hmm.
Congratulations!
Why are you uninterested?
Come on! Let me show you.
I will read the message for you.
Come on!
Star of the generation.
I will be practical.
I will treat you to a meal.
Star of the generation.
I will be practical.
I will treat you to a meal.
Star of the generation.
I will be practical.
I will treat you to a meal.
Listen to it.
Is it the signal of love?
Is it love?
This is love.
The Psychology of Love.
Fanzhou.
Why have you started to read such books?
You seem to have no desire for love
in ordinary days.
But love fire has been ignited in your heart.
Want to be in a relationship now?
Don't rush to deny it.
Yes.
Well...
With whom?
Zhou Xiao.
Zhou Xiao?
The girl wooed by a guy
at the school anniversary?
The president of the Detective Club?
How come everyone likes her?
She is more popular than me.
Fanzhou,
stop reading these useless books.
You should learn more from me.
Right?
After all, I have received
the invitation to a meal.
A girl will treat me to a meal.
What does it mean?
It means I must begin to save money
to buy a house for our children
in the school district.
You can't learn this from the books.
She has treated me to a meal.
Excuse me.
Star of the generation.
I will be practical.
I will treat you to a meal.
What should we eat?
Star of the generation.
I will be practical.
I will treat you to a meal.
Star of the generation.
I will be practical.
Well, I am too excited.
I must consume some energy.
Fanzhou.
The Dark Effect.
In a dim place,
have a date.
Your date will relax her guard
because she can't see
your expressions clearly.
Hey!
Hey, Fanzhou.
Aren't you in the Forensic Lab?
What do you want from me?
One of my courses is almost finished.
I need your help with it.
Where are you? I will go see you.
The Detective Club.
Well,
I will go see you there, all right?
All right.
Go on watching the PPT.
Read Guan Hanqing's work
"Double Tune:
Intoxicated by the East Wind" silently.
Here are two questions.
First,
how does the author
depict the image
of the protagonist of this ballad?
Second, from the perspective
of content and technique,
expound the characteristics of
this ballad and this genre.
Conduct divergent thinking.
Professor, I am wrong.
Professor.
I've revenged you.
This can't happen again.
Thank you, professor!
Class is over.
Zhou Xiao.
My bad. My bad.
Zhao Fanzhou and I will go look for the cat.
See you later.
Both Cai Yasi and Zhao Fanzhou like her.
Zhou Xiao is really something.
Wei,
you should learn from Zhou Xiao.
Ah?
Fanzhou.
What do you need?
This is the thing.
Our teacher gave us an assignment.
It is about psychology.
We must conduct a hypnosis
to find out its role in psychology.
But you know that
most people consider hypnosis
to be sensitive.
I asked a lot of people,
but nobody wanted to help.
So I have to seek help from you.
OK.
After you decide the time and place,
just notify me.
Really?
Yes.
So you will help me?
Actually, my real psychology homework
is to make someone accept
the hypnosis unconsciously.
Will you sign your name here?
Please.
I thought we had drifted apart.
I didn't expect
that you still saw me as a friend.
It was not like what you saw.
I can explain it to you.
No need.
It is my problem.
Go on, both of you.
Fanzhou, sorry!
How about I go explain it to her?
No need.
Just leave.
Don't do this next time.
Zhou Xiao.
I am sorry for what happened just now.
Do you have any club activities?
Then I am off.
Otherwise,
Fanzhou will blame me.
Well, it was me
who disturbed you.
What are you thinking?
It is not like that.
Bye bye!
I am leaving.
Hi!
I am back.
Um.
I'm sorry for what happened just now.
I don't think you are.
You ran away so fast.
Why is he angry?
Well.
I came up with an idea
about how to find the cat.
The cat got lost around the male dormitory.
So we will take
the male dormitory as a center
and scatter the litter
in its surrounding area of 400 square meters.
Then the smell will attract the cat.
About what happened just now...
Sorry, wait a moment.
Hello!
What is the matter?
The missing person appeared.
I am locked up.
What for?
Nothing special.
I am undergoing the ACM intensified training.
So what?
I just wanted to tell you that
I am gonna be out of your sight for one week.
That's good.
Put more work into it.
And become a better person.
See you.
It seems that
she really
didn't take my love confession seriously.
How can Cai Yasi act like this?
He is not focusing
on the intensified training.
Why did he have to disturb our cat searching?
What did you want to say just now?
(Catfish Effect)
Jia Yichun came to see me just now.
Who else can it be?
She couldn't have come to see me.
She asked me to help
with her hypnosis homework.
I agreed to help her.
You are really a nice guy.
Her homework doesn't concern me at all.
She did that just now
only to thank me.
You... she was so polite.
Let's hurry to look for the cat.
Let's go.
(Catfish Effect)
(Small fish will struggle for survival
if there's a catfish among them.)
(Catfish Effect is to take measures
to motivate companies)
(to actively compete in the market
and stir the trade.)
Hello, do you have a reservation?
Yes, I do.
I am Mr. Xie,
who have called to book the dimmest room.
OK. Follow me, please.
OK.
Wait up. Don't move.
Thank you!
One moment, please.
I will bring you the menu.
OK.
How do you like it?
The vibe of this restaurant
is nice, right?
Such an upscale and elegant restaurant
suits our style very much.
It suits me well, not you.
Here, Lu.
Here.
Did you...
get your neck twisted?
Don't you think
the contour of my left face
is cleanly-chiseled?
Isn't it very handsome?
I just feel that you are kind of squint-eyed.
Why haven't I noticed before?
Isn't this the Dark Effect?
Why didn't it work?
Is it because this place is not dark enough?
What are you mumbling?
Lu,
should I ask the waitress
to take away the candles?
I feel I am worshiping the Bodhisattva
with them burning.
You shouldn't.
It is dim here.
Without the candles,
we may put food into our noses.
What are you doing?
I...
I just wanted to find out
whether the alcohol in the red wine can burn.
You did it on purpose, right?
Why don't you try with your brain
to see whether it can burn.
I just said it is dark here
and you damped it down.
Are you trying to piss me off intentionally?
No, I didn't mean that.
Don't be angry, Lu.
Waitress.
Hello!
I am sorry!
Well,
must I do this?
Must I keep the bell ringing
as I scatter the cat litter?
I feel I am performing
a religious ceremony.
The bell can make continuous sounds
to attract the attention of the cat.
Why don't you carry it yourself?
I am not fit for that.
Meow.
I almost scattered all the cat litter.
But I didn't even find a cat hair.
If I had known pulling surveillance footage
is forbidden,
I should have asked Cai Yasi
to pull all the surveillance footage
of our campus by hacking
before he started the closed training.
What should we do now?
Ahead.
Here.
It looks so weak.
It is going to give birth to kittens.
Let's hurry to send it to the pet hospital.
There is no time for that.
It has been suffering
difficult labor for long.
Let's go.
Bring it to the Forensic Lab.
Ah?
Go!
Wait outside.
But.
A surgery may be necessary.
You'd better wait outside.
Then I...
Believe me.
How is it?
Come in to check it out.
OK.
Why must we take this road?
It is so dark.
This road
is a shortcut.
It won't be a shortcut if you walk so slowly.
Why are you
walking so fast?
Let's have a chat.
I invited you to watch a movie,
but you refused.
It will take two hours to watch a movie.
After we finish it, it will be too late.
Let's sit for a while
by the lake behind, shall we?
Are you all right?
I don't want to.
Then let's go sit on the playground.
No, I won't.
How about the cafeteria?
No. It is closed.
But we can still go there.
Forget it. Forget it.
Let's go back to the dorm.
Science is not my thing.
It's licking me.
Yes.
Don't be so indifferent.
Touch it.
You did a great job today.
Without you,
I wouldn't have known what to do.
Thank you for saving them.
Don't mention it.
Do you feel them?
Are they super cute?
Yes, they are.
Kittens,
now your savior
is talking to you.
Are you feeling
the vitality?
(Salt Effect)
(It means things should be moderate
and used at the right moment.)
("What you need is the best.")
Zhao Fanzhou,
even if I had your back,
you couldn't do such an improper thing.
You brought your girlfriend into the lab.
I was fine with that.
After all, it is rare for you
to fall in love once.
But unexpectedly,
you helped a cat give birth
in the Forensic Lab.
You have broken the rules of the lab.
You didn't show me any respect.
How should I handle this?
Professor, I am sorry.
I am willing to accept the punishment.
Never mind. You're not my assistant anymore.
Professor.
I really wanted to put a serious demerit
on your record.
Leave.
Hello, Miss.
How are the kittens?
No need. No need.
You are welcome.
OK.
See you!
Zhao Fanzhou.
What are you doing here?
I came to fetch my bag
left in the lab yesterday.
I thought you would come in the afternoon.
It occurred to me that
my textbook needed
in the afternoon was in it.
So I came.
Oh.
It is in the locker.
Go fetch it by yourself.
But
I don't know where your locker is.
The third one on the left by the door.
It is not proper for me
to fumble in your locker.
You'd better fetch it for me.
It's fine.
Go get it by yourself.
I am not a student of your department.
Moreover,
if I search your locker,
I may be seen as a thief.
It's impossible.
It's just a few steps away.
If you had time to talk,
you could have fetched it.
I can't fetch it for you.
Ah?
Why?
Because Professor made me stand here
as punishment.
You were made to stand here?
How can a college student
be punished like this?
Sorry!
I can't help it.
Standing as a punishment.
Ouch!
(Next Episode)
I've heard that
the Geminids will come tomorrow.
I'll go there too.
Let's go and see
the Detective Exhibition together.
But I've agreed
to go there with Cai Yasi.
Fanzhou, I'll get a good position for you.
I have to go to the playground to see
the meteor shower with my roommates.
Let's go together.
♪Sunshine falls into the wind's arms.♪
♪A breath of sweet air drifts over.♪
♪Since the day I met you,♪
♪I have learned that a view is only fine
when you are part of it.♪
♪Taking in your feelings quietly.♪
♪Perhaps a step back should
be taken to get closer.♪
♪Thank you for building
a pure friendship with me.♪
♪You will find love eventually.♪
♪How lucky I am to know you while I'm young.♪
♪You leave me with wonderful memories
to be remembered.♪
♪Wherever you go in the future,♪
♪I will stay with you
and support you until the end.♪
♪I would be happy to see you happy.♪
♪He tolerates my willfulness.♪
♪Thank you for building
a pure friendship with me.♪
♪I will find love eventually.♪
♪How lucky I am to know you while I'm young.♪
♪You leave me with wonderful memories
to be remembered.♪
♪Wherever you go tomorrow,♪
♪I will stay with you
and support you until the end.♪